changelog: EOL warnings in Console (#447)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/changelog/2024-11-21-eol-warnings-console.md

---
title: "Console: end of life versions warnings"
date: 2024-11-21
tags:
  - console
  - eol
authors:
  - name: David Legrand
    link: https://github.com/davlgd
    image: https://github.com/davlgd.png?size=40
  - name: Florian Sanders
    link: https://github.com/florian-sanders-cc
    image: https://github.com/florian-sanders-cc.png?size=40
description: Did you know about path routing?
excludeSearch: true
---

> [Earlier this year](/changelog/2024-04-24-php-deprecate-warning/), we started to show warnings in logs when you deploy PHP applications with a `CC_PHP_VERSION` corresponding to release considered as [end of life by PHP community](https://www.php.net/supported-versions.php). Today, we start showing such warnings in the environment variables panel of applications in the Clever Cloud Console for:

Reviewer: **nitpick:**

```suggestion
[Earlier this year](/changelog/2024-04-24-php-deprecate-warning/), we started to show warnings in logs when you deploy PHP applications with a `CC_PHP_VERSION` corresponding to a release considered as [end of life by PHP community](https://www.php.net/supported-versions.php). Today, we start showing such warnings in the environment variables panel of applications in the Clever Cloud Console for:
```

- `CC_PHP_VERSION`
- `CC_PYTHON_VERSION`
- `CC_RUBY_VERSION`

> Our aim with this initiative is to better inform our customers about the life cycle of their ecosystems, and to provide guidance on the right values to use for the version management of their applications. We'll extend this to other runtimes in the coming weeks.

Reviewer: **nitpick:** (feel free to dismiss, these are just suggestions)

```suggestion
Our goal is to better inform our customers about the life cycle of their ecosystems, and to provide guidance on the proper values to use for the version management of their applications. We'll extend this to other runtimes in the coming weeks.
```
